1259 aws nodes (#1296)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/operators/aws-nodes/4-modules.md

## Monitoring Modules

> All modules pertinent to overseeing the node. AWS offers a suite of services enabling operators to observe both the node and Casper service status. These services allow the establishment of alarms and provide a visual representation on a dashboard, displaying the node's resources and capacity in real time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monitoring modules are pertinent to overseeing the node. AWS offers a suite of services enabling operators to observe the node and Casper service status. These services allow the establishment of alarms and provide a visual representation on a dashboard, displaying the node's resources and capacity in real-time.
```

| AWS Services Used     | Description                                                         |
| --------------------  | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| CloudWatch Dashboard  | Customized views of metrics and alarms for AWS resources.           |
| CloudWatch Alarms     | Sends a message or performs an action when the alarm changes state. |
| CloudWatch Synthetics | Canaries are scripts that oversee endpoints and APIs.                  |
| CloudWatch Agent        | Collects metrics, logs, and traces from Amazon EC2 instances.       |
| CloudWatch Logs         | Centralized logs from all systems, applications, and AWS services.  |
| CloudWatch Canary Code Template Module | Module that initializes and configures `cw_namespace` and `aws_region`. |
| Dashboard Template Module | Module required to create the dashboard. |

### CloudWatch Dashboard

> The IaC establishes a dashboard to oversee all pertinent resources. This dashboard displays connectivity status, blockchain metrics like block height, block time, and era count, along with node metrics including CPU, memory, and disk usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IaC establishes a dashboard to oversee all pertinent resources. This dashboard displays connectivity status, blockchain metrics like block height, block time, and era count, and node metrics including CPU, memory, and disk usage.
```

> 

Reviewer: Can we get an updated screenshot (email-notification.png) and remove the AWS highlighting? This one is over a year old.

> | mem_used               | RAM usage in GB           |

Reviewer: Please update this table. Casper and the beginning of the description needs to be capitalized. Finally, to match the style, we need a colon at the end of each description. "Disk usage percentage." is probably better than "Disk usage in percentage."

| casper-node logs       | Casper service logs.       |
| casper-node error logs | Casper service error logs. |
| disk_total             | Disk total capacity.       |
| disk_used              | Disk usage in GB.          |
| disk_percent           | Disk usage percentage. |

| mem_used_percent       | RAM usage in percentage   |

> ### Cloudwatch Logs

Reviewer: Please check the spelling to match the brand.
```suggestion
### CloudWatch Logs
```

| Configuration Bucket Module | Module to create a bucket with the necessary configuration scripts for the node's workflow. |

### S3 Bucket Modules

The following modules create S3 bucket resources on AWS.

#### S3 Canary

An S3 canary module creates an S3 bucket to store all the logs generated by the [synthetic canary service](#CloudWatch-Synthetics). The `alerting/iam_canary_s3` module calls this module.

#### S3 Config

The S3 config module creates an S3 bucket to store configuration files such as `.zip`, `.json`, or `.sh`.

#### Configuration Bucket Module

Terragrunt creates an S3 bucket and uploads all the configuration files needed to set up all the required services inside the node, including the Casper service and other services used for monitoring, backing up, and restoring the node. Below is a detailed description of each configuration file.

| File                      | Description |
| ------------------------- | ----------- |
| `files/genCustomMetrics.sh` | Bash file containing the configuration to get casper-node metrics from the Grafana dashboard and place them in the dashboard.sh file for the CloudWatch Dashboard. |

> | `files/genSnapshot.sh`      | Bash file contains configurations to create a snapshot volume in EBS, with a cronjob performing backups every week. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `files/genSnapshot.sh`      | Bash file contains configurations to create a snapshot volume in EBS, with a cronjob performing weekly backups. |
```

| `files/genVolumenID.sh`     | Bash file to create a volume based on the snapshot of a previous volume, given its ID; if the snapshot does not exist, the script will create a new volume. |
| `files/dashboard.json`      | Dashboard template to generate and watch node metrics. |
| `files/deleteSm.sh`         | NOT IN USE. Deletes the Casper secret keys from the AWS Secrets Manager. |

### Auto-Scaling Module

An Auto-Scaling Group (ASG) facilitates automatic deployment should the node shut down. The ASG incorporates a launch template featuring all necessary configurations to set up the `casper-launcher` automatically upon the start of the EC2 instance. For enhanced support, the ASG spans 3 public subnets. You can find all the technical requirements for the node in the [EC2 Instance Requirements ](./3-instances.md) section.

## Data Modules

> Modules to assist in information manipulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following modules assist in data management.
```

| AWS Services Used     | Description                                                         |
| --------------------  | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Key Pairs Module     | Module to create cryptographic keys.                        |

> | Zip Creation Module  | Module to compress information related to synthetic canary. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Zip Creation Module  | Module to compress information related to the synthetic canary. |
```

### Key Pairs Module

The Key Pairs module generates a `.pem` file for creating and connecting to the `OpenVPN` and `casper-node` instances.

### ZIP Creation Module

The ZIP template module creates the ZIP file necessary for the [synthetic canary service](#CloudWatch-Synthetics) to oversee the `casper-node-launcher` on port `8888`.

## Network Modules

> Modules related to configuring the diverse network elements necessary for the node's proper functioning.

Reviewer: Please use full sentences.
```suggestion
Network modules configure diverse network elements necessary for the node to function correctly.
```

| Security Group Rules Module | Module to establish rules allowing network access to the node. |
| OpenVPN Server Module | Module to create and configure the VPN server. |

### Elastic IP Module

The Elastic IP (EIP) module creates the public IP for the Casper node.

### VPC Module

The VPC module creates the networking layer where the Casper read-only node will run. This module configures the following services:

| Services       | Description |
| -------------- | ----------- |
| Amazon VPC     | A virtual private cloud within the AWS Cloud. |
| Public subnets | Range of IP addresses in 3 availability zones. |
| Route tables   | Tables control the direction of network traffic. |

### Security Group Rules Module

The Security Group Rules module detects whether the node operator wants the `OpenVPN` instance and creates a customized SSH `Ingress-Rule` for the `casper-node` instance.

| OpenVPN Status | Ingress Rule |
| -------------- | ------------ |
| Created        | SSH is available when connected to the VPN Server. |
| Discarded      | SSH will be available to the IPs the operator listed.        |

### OpenVPN Server Module

> The OpenVPN Service provides the administrators a private and secure connection to the node. This simple VPN is available for five administrators. To configure the VPN server, read the [OpenVPN guide](./6-open-vpn.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenVPN Service provides administrators with a private and secure connection to the node. This simple VPN is available for five administrators. To configure the VPN server, read the [OpenVPN guide](./6-open-vpn.md).
```
